GC: enable logging to stderr when GC runs (#43511)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/profile.md

 Finally, execute the desired commands and quit Julia to trigger the generation of the `.mem`
files.

### GC Logging

While [`@time`](@ref) logs high-level stats about memory usage and garbage collection over the course
of evaluating an expression, it can be useful to log each garbage collection event, to get an
intuitive sense of how often the garbage collector is running, how long it's running each time,
and how much garbage it collects each time. This can be enabled with

> [`Profile.enable_gc_logging(true)`](@ref), which causes Julia to log to stderr every time a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Base.Experimental.enable_gc_logging(true)`](@ref), which causes Julia to log to stderr every time a
```

but maybe `Profile` is actually the better place

Author: oh whoops thanks

Reviewer 2: I do agree with Valentin that `Base.Experimental` probably isn't actually the best home for this logging function.. Maybe either `Base.GC` or `Profile` would be preferable. @vchuravy do you have an opinion?

Reviewer 2: On the other hand, I wonder if this should just go in `Base`, prefixed with `gc_` to be consistent with the other GC observability functions?:
```julia
julia> Base.gc_
gc_alignment    gc_alloc_count  gc_bytes        gc_live_bytes   gc_num          gc_time_ns      gc_total_bytes
```

This could be `Base.gc_enable_logging`?

@vchuravy / @vtjnash do you have a preference?

Reviewer: `Base.GC.enable_logging`?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, i like that too, but i did notice that currently the GC module is pretty bare, and all the observability stuff is Base.gc_*, as i mentioned above. Here's the GC module:
```julia
julia> Base.GC.
@preserve           GC_FULL             disable_finalizers  enable_finalizers   gc                  safepoint
GC_AUTO             GC_INCREMENTAL      enable              eval                include
```

That said, I think your suggestion is best, yeah. Is it okay to break that pattern? 😁

Reviewer: Yeah it's okay to break the pattern. The rest should probably be in there (besides gc_alignment)

Reviewer 2: Okay cool thanks. @vilterp can you move this one more time?

> [`Profile.enable_gc_logging(true)`](@ref), which causes Julia to log to stderr every time a

Author: seems like this ref isn't working… Do I need to add a heading for `Profile.enable_gc_logging` somewhere else (maybe in the `@docs` blocks in `base.md`), and/or refer to it differently (using the type signature, or just the name, etc?) Thanks!

Reviewer 2: Is it fixed now that you fixed it to the right module name?

Reviewer 2: 🤔 no, it still seems to have failed... Maybe you don't need the leading `Base.`? Other things don't seem to use it, and somehow they resolve.. Maybe just `Experimental. enable_gc_logging(true)` would be enough? 🤷

a garbage collection happens.

> ## External Profiling

Reviewer 2: 👍 I like the overall changes to the organization you made here. Thanks!
